User Instructions for Auto Line Monitor Software

The executable for this project is called 'GenerateAutoReport.exe'.

It's located within the shared network drive, 'PCMRP (P:)', in the folder labelled 'ricksr'.

Running GenerateAutoReport.exe requires no input from the user. However, the user should understand 
what occurs when the executable is ran. 

First, the program searches for and reads in the file, 'AUTOLINE LOG FILE.txt', from the folder, 'LogFiles'.
Second, any data in the log file will be saved to a separate text file in the folder, 'Log Archive'.
Third, the log file will be cleared of all data.
Fourth, an excel sheet containing the analyzed data will be generated in the folder, 'Reports'.

There are a few things to note about this process.

The program can be run on varying lengths of time. A report can be generated from a log file containing 
a week's worth of data, a few days, a month, and etc. This means the user can run the executable on any day.
However, this should only occur while the log file isn't being written to, such as at the end of the paint
line's workday. There are two reasons for this. The first reason is that it's not logical to run data analysis
on data that's incomplete or currently in the making. The second reason is that it's not possible to manually 
modify the log file since it's being used by another program, Termite. This is why the user must wait for Termite
to be off before running the executable. 

Termite is set to run on weekdays from 6 am to 4:30 pm and on Saturday from 6 am to 2:30 pm.

Once the user clicks on the executable, be warned that the log file will be cleared of all data. Should the user
want to view the raw data, they need to look for the corresponding file in 'Log Archive'.

Since the user can run the executable on any day, combined with the fact that Sundays, Saturdays, and holidays exist, 
the naming scheme for archived log files and reports is broad. Appended to the end of either type of file is a date. 
This date is the most recent day recorded in the log file at time of processing. So if the user needs to know how 
much the paint line moved on a certain day, they need to look for the archived log file or report with the nearest 
date after the target day.

It's recommended that the user copies the shortcut of the executable and moves that copy to a more convenient
location on the computer. 